Correct method signature definition (#18466)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/programming-guide/types/index.md

## Types, variables, and values

> C# is a strongly-typed language. Every variable and constant has a type, as does every expression that evaluates to a value. Every method signature specifies a name, number of parameters, and type and kind (value, reference, or output) for each input parameter. The .NET class library defines a set of built-in numeric types as well as more complex types that represent a wide variety of logical constructs, such as the file system, network connections, collections and arrays of objects, and dates. A typical C# program uses types from the class library as well as user-defined types that model the concepts that are specific to the program's problem domain.

Reviewer: I'm going to suggest a different change here, because every method must have a return type:

```suggestion
C# is a strongly-typed language. Every variable and constant has a type, as does every expression that evaluates to a value. Every method declaration specifies a name, number of parameters, and type and kind (value, reference, or output) for each input parameter and for the return value. The .NET class library defines a set of built-in numeric types as well as more complex types that represent a wide variety of logical constructs, such as the file system, network connections, collections and arrays of objects, and dates. A typical C# program uses types from the class library as well as user-defined types that model the concepts that are specific to the program's problem domain.
```

[!code-csharp[csProgGuideTypes#36](~/samples/snippets/csharp/VS_Snippets_VBCSharp/CsProgGuideTypes/CS/Class1.cs#36)]

> The types of method parameters are specified in the method signature. The following signature shows a method that requires an [int](../../language-reference/builtin-types/integral-numeric-types.md) as an input argument:

Reviewer: I think the same change works better here as well, because the return type is specified:

```suggestion
The types of method parameters and return values are specified in the method declaration. The following signature shows a method that requires an [int](../../language-reference/builtin-types/integral-numeric-types.md) as an input argument and returns a string:
```
